Implement and Test FileSystemVault in ApiWrapper (#86)
catenax-ng/catenax-at-home: api-wrapper/services/api-wrapper/src/README.md

> # Basic authentication

Reviewer: Move `Basic authentication` to the second level:
```suggestion
# API-Wrapper

## Basic authentication
```

This extension provides an `AuthenticationService` implementation for basic authentication. This module will be active

> if you provide at least one credential pair.

Reviewer: Please rewrite this part. This is not an extension which provides an `AuthenticationService` implementation 🤣

> ## Usage/Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Usage/Example
```

In your `Vault` instance you have to provide the password for each user. You can put them under any key you want, but we
would recommend using the following key format:

```plain
wraper-auth-basic-<USERNAME>
```

> Regarding the keys you have to provide in your EDC configuration the vault key for each user:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your EDC configuration you must then specify the respective vault key for the respective user:
```

```properties
wrapper.auth.basic.usera: wrapper-auth-basic-usera
wrapper.auth.basic.userb: wrapper-auth-basic-userb
```

> To use this module e.g. together with the DataManagement API and Azure Vault just have to include the following into
> your `build.gradle.kts`:
> 
> ```kotlin
> dependencies {
>     implementation(project(":extensions:azure:vault"))
>     implementation(project(":extensions:api:auth-basic"))
>     implementation(project(":extensions:api:data-management"))
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# API-WRAPPER

## Basic authentication

This module section contains an `AuthenticationService` implementation for basic authentication. It will be active when
you provide at least one credential pair.

### Usage/Example

In your `Vault` instance you have to provide the password for each user. You can put them under any key you want, but we
would recommend using the following key format:

```plain
wraper-auth-basic-<USERNAME>
```

> In your EDC configuration you must then specify the respective vault key for the respective user:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In your EDC configuration you must then specify the respective vault key for the respective user:
```
